todo/w40-2016.md, before:


# Mongo-Admin W40 03-09.10.2016

## Agenda
- Improve the ui -> modal support
- Finish basic CRUD functionality
- First build for linux (ubuntu)
- Improve list/search logic
- Rethink LeftPane/Connection UI

## UI Improvements
- [x] Research (electron) modal implementation (maybe vex)
- [ ] Research style guide & color theme

## New Features
- [x] CRUD: Delete database, collection, document
 - [x] Server API support
 - [x] Actions refactoring
 - [x] UI: delete document
 - [x] Electron support
 - [x] UI: left-pane delete db, collection
- [x] Rework mongodb access
- [ ] Documents: Impl. search/find logic
- [ ] Documents: Impl. paging

## Issues
- [x] Issue on document update
- [x] Cancel db and collection creation
- [ ] Issue with packager and icon conversion
- [ ] Issue when selecting empty database

## Electron Linux Build
- [x] Create app icon
- [x] Initial Build

## Optional
- [ ] Impl. URL Router
- [ ] Save state in local storage
- [x] Update the README.md
- [ ] Research how to use `./iblokz` without `npm i iblokz` each time after updating the code

## Next
- Rethink UX (Admin/Dashboards, Mobile, Touch/Keyboard)
- Multiple Connections Support, local/remote hosts

Commit message:

replace electron-builder with electron-packager

todo/w40-2016.md, after:


# Mongo-Admin W40 03-09.10.2016

## Agenda
- Improve the ui -> modal support
- Finish basic CRUD functionality
- First build for linux (ubuntu)
- Improve list/search logic
- Rethink LeftPane/Connection UI

## UI Improvements
- [x] Research (electron) modal implementation (maybe vex)
- [x] Research style guide & color theme
- [x] Update the ui

## New Features
- [x] CRUD: Delete database, collection, document
 - [x] Server API support
 - [x] Actions refactoring
 - [x] UI: delete document
 - [x] Electron support
 - [x] UI: left-pane delete db, collection
- [x] Rework mongodb access
- [ ] Documents: Impl. search/find logic
- [ ] Documents: Impl. paging

## Issues
- [x] Issue on document update
- [x] Cancel db and collection creation
- [ ] Issue with packager and icon conversion
- [ ] Issue when selecting empty database

## Electron Linux Build
- [x] Create app icon
- [x] Initial Build
- [x] Replace the electron-builder with electron-packager

## Optional
- [ ] Impl. URL Router
- [ ] Save state in local storage
- [x] Update the README.md
- [ ] Research how to use `./iblokz` without `npm i iblokz` each time after updating the code

## Next
- Rethink UX (Admin/Dashboards, Mobile, Touch/Keyboard)
- Multiple Connections Support, local/remote hosts
